1. Intro to Javascript.
Javascript is one of the core technologies of the web alongside 
with HTMl and CSS
it is used for;
        1. DOM manipulation(document object Model)
        2. Event handling. (eg clicks,forms, )
        3. Asynchoronous Requests
        4. Animations and effects
        5. Data manipulation(sorting, filter, etc)
        6. Storing data(cookies, sessions)
        7. Creating single page applications(SPA)
        8. Creating APIs & Web services(Node, Deno)

why learn it;
    1. Popularity
    2. Versatility
    3. Relatively easy to learn
    4. large community of developers


Tools used during the Journey.
    1. IDE (visual studio code)
    2. GIT and GITHUB
    3. Node.js
    4. Extensions(liveserver, codeRun, Prettier)



2. Variables, DataTypes & More

Getting to know the console tab in the developer tools in the 
web browser.
Can be used to debug and messages about the Javascript code that
a developer wrote.
in the console, Javascript code can also be written and have impact 
on the browser, but do disappear once the page is reloaded.

they are different console codes
  1. console.log()
  2. console.error()
  3. console.warn()
  4. console.table()
  5. console.group() > console.groupEnd()


Comments and shortcuts
comments help;
    1. documenting code
    2. Used in prevention of code executions

To comment a single line of code double '/' is used at the
start of the line.

To comment muiltple lines of code '/*' is used at the start 
and finished with '*/'


Variables:

ways to declare Variables
 1. var
 2. let
 3. const


naming conventions 
-only letters, numbers, underscores and dollar signs
-cannot start with a number

Multi-word formatting
 firstName = camelcase
 firstn_name = underscore
 FirstName = Pascalcase
 firstname = lowercase

Primitive Data Types
    1. String-sequence of characters enclosed in quotes or backticks
    2. number- intergers
    3. Boolen - true or false
    4. NUll - intentional absence of any object
    5. undefined- Variable that has not yet been defined
    6. Symbol - built-in object whose constructor returns a unique Symbol
    7. BigInt - numbers that are greater than 'number' can handle

Reference Types(objects)
are a non-Primitive value and when assigned to a variable, the variable is a given a 
Reference to that value.
object literals, arrays and functions are all Reference types

Static Typing vs Dynamic Typing
Javascript is a dynamically-typed language, this means there is no need
to explicitly define the types for our variables, like in statically-typed such assigned
C, C++ and Java.

TypeScript is a superset of Javascript. this allows static-typing.

any Reference type is an object which including arrays, functions etc

Primitive types: are stored directly in the stack

Reference types: stored in the heap